alsa-utils.service                         masked          enabled
apache-htcacheclean.service                masked          enabled
apache2.service                            masked          disabled
avahi-daemon.service                       masked          disabled
beef-xss.service                           masked          disabled
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked          enabled
cryptdisks.service                         masked          enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service masked          enabled
faraday.service                            masked          disabled
haveged.service                            masked          enabled
hwclock.service                            masked          enabled
iodined.service                            masked          disabled
lvm2.service                               masked          enabled
mdadm-waitidle.service                     masked          enabled
mdadm.service                              masked          enabled
ModemManager.service                       masked          enabled
nginx.service                              masked          disabled
nmbd.service                               masked          disabled
open-vm-tools.service                      masked          enabled
opensnitch.service                         masked          enabled
openvpn.service                            masked          enabled
pulseaudio-enable-autospawn.service        masked          enabled
rc.service                                 masked          enabled
rcS.service                                masked          enabled
samba-ad-dc.service                        masked          enabled
saned.service                              masked          disabled
screen-cleanup.service                     masked          enabled
smbd.service                               masked          disabled
ssh.service                                masked          disabled
sudo.service                               masked          enabled
vgauth.service                             masked          enabled
vmtoolsd.service                           masked          enabled
x11-common.service                         masked          enabled
xplico.service                             masked          disabled
avahi-daemon.socket                        masked          disabled
phpsessionclean.timer                      masked          enabled
